# Apache Bug Report Decomposition and Review Dataset

This repository contains data and annotations related to the decomposition of Apache bug reports.

## Folder Structure

- **PQ/**  
  This folder includes all collected information about the Apache Bug Reports.  
  Each record contains fields such as:
  - `Priority`: The assigned priority level of the bug.
  - `link`: The URL linking to the original bug report.
  - `FIRST COMMENT TIME`: The timestamps of comments added to the bug report.
  - `CREATED TIME`: The timestamp when the bug report was initially created.
  - `ROSOLVED TIME`: The timestamp when the bug was marked as resolved.

- **RQ1/**  
  This folder contains decomposition results generated by **ChatGPT-4o** and **DeepSeek-v1** with plain and straightforward prompts (zero-shot prompting).  
  Each decomposition has been manually reviewed by two independent reviewers, who judged whether the decomposition is correct.  
  The final result was summarized based on the reviewers' evaluations and categorized into four major reasons based on different unsuccessful decompositions.

- **RQ2/**  
  This folder contains decomposition results generated by **ChatGPT-4o** and  **DeepSeek-v1** with a few-shot approach, for example, the prompts need to include several examples of successful bug decompositions as demonstrations.  
  Similar to RQ1, two independent reviewers evaluated the decompositions.  
  The final decision was based on the consensus between the two reviewers.
